[Case Management] creating a section dedicated to notifications and tickets (#23243)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/case_management/view_and_manage/_index.md

1. Select **Add View** from within a project.
1. Give the view a name.
1. In the search box, enter a query. The preview refreshes to show you the cases that match the current search query.

> 1. (Optional) Send a notification with third-party tools such as Slack, Microsoft Teams, PagerDuty, or Webhooks. Click **+ Add Recipient Type** and select from the pre-configured channels or recipients. See [Create notifications and tickets ][2] to learn more about whats supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Send a notification with third-party tools such as Slack, Microsoft Teams, PagerDuty, or Webhooks. Click **+ Add Recipient Type** and select from the pre-configured channels or recipients. See [Create notifications and tickets ][2] to learn more about the available tools and options.
```
